README.md, before:

# srmp-public
Currently working on going through the code, adding notes and fixing some of the bugs in my free time. 
I adore this mod and want to give both credit and a huge thank you to Saty for the corigional creation of the mod. 


I am slowly working my way through the list of bugs as seen below.



# Bug Status 
Notes: Bug list compiled from last known bug list of version 1488

FIXED:
- Multiplayer window doesn't show up on resolutions < 1920x1080

IN PROGRESS (NEEDS MORE TESTING):
- Exchange sometimes skips rewards if multiple players put items in at the same time
- Exchange chest disappears without rewards

Known Bugs:
- Plort collectors don't work properly sometimes (Playing effect but not pulling anything)
- Nutcracker doesn't spit out right amount, or spits out "babies"
- Slimes sometimes appear "angry" for other players
- Game stutters when placing/removing gadgets
- First time using the mod can apparently break a lot of things (falling through world, slimes not eating) - Restarting the game fixes it
- DLCs don't seem to be loaded correctly when leaving and joining
- DLC are not initialized on game start, making the "You need following DLCs:" message pop up (Can be fixed by loading the "Manage DLCs" menu and trying again)
- Gordos don't drop things sometimes
- Slimes sometimes dont produce plorts
- Drones get stuck in place sometimes
- Chat sometimes empty for remote players
- Upgrades sometimes does not get applied to All players


  #Notes Status
Files in the following folders still need notes:
- Custom UI
- Networking
- Packets
- Patches
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Origional File From SatyPardus

It's bad. It's really really bad.

There is so much to clean up in this project, I would not even know where to begin.
Kinda the reason why it's already uploaded. No idea where and how to clean it up.

But this is the source code of my Slime Rancher Multiplayer mod.
It went through many iterations and each new one had stuff copy pasted.

It's a mess within a mess.
Oh god, forgive me.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

But for real. Have fun digging through my unoptimized and undocumented code.
I never thought I actually gonna release this, yet here we are.
Would have dressed differently if I would have known.

Don't judge me tho. It still .... "works".
Just not as good as it could!

Commit message:

Finished notation for UI folder

README.md, after:

# srmp-public
This is the code for the Slime Rancher MultiPlayer Mod (SRMP).

The suer manual can be found [here](/manual.md).



## Bug Status 
Notes: Bug list compiled from last known bug list of version 1488

FIXED:
- Multiplayer window doesn't show up on resolutions < 1920x1080

IN PROGRESS (NEEDS MORE TESTING):
- Exchange sometimes skips rewards if multiple players put items in at the same time
- Exchange chest disappears without rewards

Known Bugs:
- Plort collectors don't work properly sometimes (Playing effect but not pulling anything)
- Nutcracker doesn't spit out right amount, or spits out "babies"
- Slimes sometimes appear "angry" for other players
- Game stutters when placing/removing gadgets
- First time using the mod can apparently break a lot of things (falling through world, slimes not eating) - Restarting the game fixes it
- DLCs don't seem to be loaded correctly when leaving and joining
- DLC are not initialized on game start, making the "You need following DLCs:" message pop up (Can be fixed by loading the "Manage DLCs" menu and trying again)
- Gordos don't drop things sometimes
- Slimes sometimes dont produce plorts
- Drones get stuck in place sometimes
- Chat sometimes empty for remote players
- Upgrades sometimes does not get applied to All players


##Current Status
@Twirlbug
- Currently working on going through the code, adding notes and fixing some of the bugs in my free time. 
- I adore this mod and want to give both credit and a huge thank you to Saty for the origional creation of the mod. 
I am slowly working my way through the list of bugs as seen above.

###Notation Status
Files in the following folders still need more notation:
- Networking
- Packets
- Patches

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##Origional File From SatyPardus

It's bad. It's really really bad.

There is so much to clean up in this project, I would not even know where to begin.
Kinda the reason why it's already uploaded. No idea where and how to clean it up.

But this is the source code of my Slime Rancher Multiplayer mod.
It went through many iterations and each new one had stuff copy pasted.

It's a mess within a mess.
Oh god, forgive me.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

But for real. Have fun digging through my unoptimized and undocumented code.
I never thought I actually gonna release this, yet here we are.
Would have dressed differently if I would have known.

Don't judge me tho. It still .... "works".
Just not as good as it could!
